Expressions in the Evaluate DAT: Put an expression in the Expression parameter and see its results immediately. Even for doing calculator-type math like 25*9/5+32.
Edit long parameter expressions: Click a parameter expression and Press Alt-e to bring up the expression in the text editor.
Middle Mouse Button not available?: Alt+Right-click is a substitute for middle mouse button, letting you get info on nodes, and zoom network or viewers. Better yet, get a 3-button mouse.
Delete Samples in a CHOP: Use the Delete CHOP's Samples page to delete samples based on values in one channel being in a specified range.
Text DAT wraparound: The Text DAT's Word Wrap parameter lets you write long lines that dynamically fit the DAT viewer.
Click where you want to paste nodes: When you chop/paste nodes, first click on the network where you want them to go. Otherwise it will be pasted directly under the copied nodes, which you may sometimes prefer.
See inside a panel: Put your cursor over any UI element and press F10 or F9.
Send your one-liner tips: Send to tips@derivative.ca
CHOP Viewer dots: Press "d" over an active multi-sample CHOP viewer to show a dot at each sample. Zoom in see it in detail.
CHOP graphs as sample number: The CHOP viewer X-axis is expressed in frames by default. To show X-axis as sample number, right-click -> Units -> Samples.
Replicator COMP throttle: You can create one replicant per frame with Incremental Update.
Replicator COMP without table: You can specify simply the number of replicants you want.
Affect only one TOP color channel: Use a TOP's Channel Mask parameter to affect fewer than all four color channels.
Edit DATs in the Textport: Put a DAT into a pane containing a Textport to watch/edit the DAT.
Reference to a parameter in a parameter: On a parameter, rclick -> Copy Parameter, then rclick -> Paste Parameter on another parameter to create a reference.
Show a message box: Show a message in a dialog with ui.messageBox('Title', 'Message')
Turn on/off all Viewer Actives: Shift-A in a network turns on/off the viewer of all nodes. Alt-A does the same momentarily.
Windows Explorer file extensions: In Windows Explorer, View -> File lets you turn on file name extensions, a better way to work.
Fast path navigation: On the path bar at the top of any network, right-click on any of the parts of the path to get the component menu for that level. You can get View Parameters etc, without having to navigate up and back.
Desktop in python: In python, app.desktopFolder gives your Desktop location. See other location shortcuts in the wiki App Class and Project Class.
Network Table Mode: See your network as a table of operators using Shift-T, making nodes easier to find. Click the box in the first column to make it current.
Hide your palette: Get more space by closing the palette when not in use.
What's going through a wire: Left-click on a wire to view what's going through it.
Use the Error DAT: to investigate intermittent Errors and Warnings on operators.
Watch Operators cook: Use the Probe component in the Palette to watch a time-history of your nodes cooking.
Help for parameters: Press alt and rollover a parameter name to get its help from the wiki.
pause | play: Press shift-spacebar to pause and un-pause. When editing your networks, you can just press spacebar. It is common practice to use Shift-Spacebar to stop, but in Designer Mode, you can just press Spacebar.
Animating wires between OPs: If a wire from is an animating dashed line, it means its source is cooking. Middle-click on the source node to see how much time it is taking.
Go into Perform Mode: Press F1 to go into Perform Mode, and press Esc to leave Perform Mode.
